Add note about case-sensitivity in repo names (#8310)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/connect-github.md

3. Scroll down to **Linked accounts**.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/github-connect-1.png" width= "80%" title="Navigated to Linked Accounts under your profile"/>

4. In the **Linked accounts** section, set up your GitHub account connection to <Constant name="cloud" /> by clicking **Link** to the right of GitHub. This redirects you to your account on GitHub where you will be asked to install and configure the <Constant name="cloud" /> application. 

5. Select the GitHub organization and repositories <Constant name="cloud" /> should access.

   <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-github/github-app-install.png" width="50%" title="Installing the dbt application into a GitHub organization"/>

   :::important Case-sensitive repository names

>    When specifying a GitHub repository in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> via the UI, API, or Terraform provider, the repository name must exactly match the case used in the GitHub URL to avoid cloning errors or job failures.

Reviewer: sugg an alternative since we avoid using [latin abbreviations](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#latin-abbreviations)
```suggestion
   When specifying a GitHub repository in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> using the UI, API, or Terraform provider &mdash; the repository name must exactly match the case used in the GitHub URL to avoid cloning errors or job failures.
```

Reviewer: not a blocker but not sure if this is the best placement for this callout? since it applies to other types of integrations - it might be better placed just after the prerequistes?

Author: Thanks for the feedback, @mirnawong1 ! Moved the callout after the prerequisites section and changed `via` to `using` in this commit: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8310/changes/bdb6d27b2cf81f5aab92fd5c4106a57f89f9b2f1

However, I kept the comma instead of switching to an em-dash since I think it flows better from a readability perspective. Let me know if that works for you!

>    When specifying a GitHub repository in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> via the UI, API, or Terraform provider, the repository name must exactly match the case used in the GitHub URL to avoid cloning errors or job failures.

Reviewer: also another sugg - this might benefit from an example just to be extra clear. eg:

For example:
If your repo is `github.com/my-org/MyRepo`, enter it as `MyRepo`, not `myrepo`.
